DOCS-934: Clean up container procedures (#985)
minio/docs: source/operations/install-deploy-manage/deploy-minio-multi-node-multi-drive.rst

MinIO supports using either a sequential series of hostnames *or* IP addresses to represent each :mc:`minio server` process in the deployment.

This procedure assumes use of sequential hostnames due to the lower overhead of management, especially in larger distributed clusters.

Create the necessary DNS hostname mappings *prior* to starting this procedure.
For example, the following hostnames would support a 4-node distributed deployment:

- ``minio-01.example.com``
- ``minio-02.example.com``
- ``minio-03.example.com``
- ``minio-04.example.com``

You can specify the entire range of hostnames using the expansion notation ``minio-0{1...4}.example.com``.

.. dropdown:: Non-Sequential Hostnames or IP Addresses

   MinIO does not support non-sequential hostnames or IP addresses for distributed deployments.
   You can instead use ``/etc/hosts`` on each node to set a simple DNS scheme that supports expansion notation.
   For example:

   .. code-block:: shell

      # /etc/hosts

      198.0.2.10    minio-01.example.net
      198.51.100.3  minio-02.example.net
      198.0.2.43    minio-03.example.net
      198.51.100.12 minio-04.example.net

>    The above hosts configuration would support expansion notation of ``minio-0{1...4}.example.net``.

Reviewer: maybe
```suggestion
   The above hosts configuration supports expansion notation of ``minio-0{1...4}.example.net``, mapping the sequential hostnames to the desired IP addresses.
```
